# super-week
# Autoloader, Altorouter, and FakerPHP Project
This project is an example of using a custom autoloader, Altorouter for route handling, and FakerPHP library for generating fake data.

# Prerequisites
Before getting started, make sure you have the following installed:

- PHP (version 8.1.2);
- Composer (PHP dependency manager).

# Installation

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
git clone https://github.com/mohamed-habbaaina/super-week

2. Navigate to the project directory:

cd your-repo

3. Install the dependencies using Composer:

- composer require altorouter/altorouter
- composer require fakerphp/faker

4. Import the provided database (config) into MySQL.

# Usage

1. Start a local web server:

php -S localhost:8000

2. Access the application in your browser by visiting the following URL:

http://localhost:8000

3. You can now navigate to different routes in the application and see the data generated by FakerPHP.

# Project Structure

* src/: Contains the application source files;
    - controller/: Contains the controllers for route handling;
    - model/: Contains the data models;
    - view/: Contains the application views.
* vendor/: Contains the dependencies installed by Composer;
* index.php: Entry point file of the application.

# License

This project is open source.

# Notes

The database.sql file is included in the config folder to facilitate database installation.
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments about the project.